NONE: Add how to install development version oj (#454)
kmyk/online-judge-tools: CONTRIBUTING.md

        -   ...
-   `tests/`

## install

> You can install online-judge-tools from git repository with the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install online-judge-tools from your local direcoty with the following command.
```

(あまり重要でない)
「git repository からのインストール」と言うと `pip install git+https://github.com/kmyk/online-judge-tools.git` などとする意味になると思うので、「カレントディレクトリからのインストール」みたいな言い方の方がより適切かなと思います。
